Pharaoh he can see victory he'll put
everything he's got the next two shots
de Ferreira is trying to join her at
Sparkle mark McDowell and Belle Ballard
ice and two-time winners here in 1992
Ferraro bowls as well as anybody I think
he'd go well on any condition I've ever
bowled on Chris's because simply has a
very simple game he takes a simple
approach he has a simple release he just
execute better than anybody in
professional bowling right now and he
can take a 42 Finley with another strike
however though you always told me this
was a tough sport you need to just get
two of these pins and the matches up oh
my goodness AVR the tournament leader
your opponent has a open frame previous
frame late so Nelson Charlie now only by
14 it's anybody's match Ferraro opened
the door uncharacteristically in the
ninth frame
traver confused he needs to make the 310
baby split and throw strike two strikes
in the tenth to have any chance to get
the ball to the right of the three pin
and knock let it deflect into the ten
now he's had the three 610 twice it
converted so he should be pretty
sharpening shot very good David when
he's fifth in the journey Petraglia
opened in north brunswick new jersey
when / 01 it this year must strike
situation or Dave Trevor
little lame condition changes the oil
our conditioner on the lane has worn off
a little bit it was warm temperatures
out a little evaporation however they
can't worry about that now the match and
tournament are on the line Trevor needs
two strikes what a wonderful come back
remember in a tiring afternoon for any
shot at 269 to steal Smith's 248 close
one against Dennis Iran 226 to 216 and
now against big champion Dave Ferraro
traber one more strike would cut the
lead of ferraro's down to just four pins
and force Ferraro to mark that a
beautiful sound with a perfect rocket
hit and all that power you're right
Chris 35 36 pounds all 10 pins way as
they weigh between three pounds six
ounces three pounds eight ounces and he
had them ringing on that shot has given
himself a chance to win the tournament
the pressure is all going to be on
Ferraro
hats off to David Traver new victories
are now shooting at 202 and the
championship match Ferraro needs a mark
spear strike and six pins for the title
and open he loses
my dad used to call it a Sunday ball and
that's what Dave Ferraro just threw on
that shot his Sunday ball for all the
money extra loft extra lift and forget
it solid the whole the title is his and
it'll make that trip home Kingston New
York and Gloria in his family
durable it is a eight title and as we
indicated earlier eighth time he's been
on our teller cast this year one victory
Johnny petraglia now here in riverside
David Ferraro 33 years old love to have
him as a neighbor David Ferraro shooting
a 217 to a fuel to buy traber here's
Frank Ferraro second victory here in
1992 adds 18,000 to is near
million-dollar career earnings and a
tough break for David Trevor you had a
couple of big games and met a tiger in
Ferraro and so on down the line with
Dennis her ran brick steel Smith and
Brian Voss areas from Kingston New York
eights title David from congratulations
thanks
I'll tell ya this was pretty stressful
coming down to the tenth and I I made a
bad shot in the night and I thought he
was going to capitalize on us the way
things been going lately and I finally
threw one good one I need in the tent
then got my second title with it it's
been your toughest year hasn't it well
on TV it has it's been my best year so
far as as bowling wise you know it's my
telecast and I can't go playing the way
on bowling I just haven't done so long
on TV and hopefully just don't get me
wrong here all the joy of victory ought
to feel a little compassion for David
Traber who was rolling along and wow
yeah I know what that's like you know
when you're when he shot 260 and I think
he shot 252 second game and you know the
title match it happened to me too it's a
little more pressure in a title match
than it is in the first couple and I
think it's showed by our scores the last
game and but I'm sure he'll be back he's
born three out of four telecasts I mean
it's probably a hot bola right now I
know here at active at West they're
happy with your being the champion
Jeanne Phillips is the general manager
originally from Indiana and we have Bob
Osborne is the regional vice president
active west and the tournament chairman
so a quick presentation thank you very
much on behalf of active was town square
llings 18th ow thank you you and Gloria
will have fun with that but here's Bob
Osmond with a very impressive trophy
congratulations on a great weekend I
hope you can hang on to this family
thank you
when will we see your next quickly I'm
gonna take when we go off go home with
my family send a load of my wife Gloria
and my son John and Gabrielle see you
tomorrow great winter David Ferraro for
ball and myself Chris ankle goodbye see
you in Fresno the executive producer of
ABC Sports presentation of the
Professional Bowlers tour is Jake O'Hara
produced by Carol Letty directed by
Larry cam technical director Michael
Carmen associate director norm silent
technical operations manager less Weiss
unit manager Bob Simon assisted to the
producer Charles Compline